c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ShipBlock.xnb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameElement.exe
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameElement.pdb
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\obj\x86\Debug\GameElement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\obj\x86\Debug\GameElement.exe
c:\users\frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\obj\x86\Debug\GameElement.pdb
C:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Capsule.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\cursor.xnb
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Capsule.xnb
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\cursor.xnb
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\ShipBlock.xnb
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameElement.exe
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GameElement.pdb
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\obj\x86\Debug\GameElement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\obj\x86\Debug\GameElement.exe
E:\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Project\GameElement\GameElement\obj\x86\Debug\GameElement.pdb
